hey guys here's a game my baby thought
was over and done with but the PSN just
released some new challenge maps for it
so I'm going to try them out because
they release add-ons for a game I do it
especially when the add-ons are free so
see here I'm REE Batman I really can't
tell the difference anyway so totally
insane and nocturnal hunter I just
noticed this came in so let's see what
these new maps are because I have no
clue i just downloaded
damn I still got it I'm kid this gaming
like a month and I still got it man I
still got it kicking your asses it off
me get off me get off me there's
actually lunatics in this one that's
kind of cool day out of that and we take
this limit check out before he annoys me
or have an inmate punch me in the face
get off me son
this is pretty fun challenge map so far
oh you're throwing your friends that was
a badass get off me jolly good there's a
roommate chicks all over the place Miss
Jones now all mean damn I gotta take
these guys out stat
damn this is hard this is getting hard
man this is hard oh damn whoa whoa get
away from me get off the Sun you don't
know me so be damned I'm getting old I'm
just gonna counter like crazy now
because I don't know what else to do
well caring like crazy is working i'm
not hit since bitches
wow that that's insane that was insane
yes so that's pretty cool it's a
never-ending battle I actually threw
lunatics in it this time that is pretty
damn cool so yeah wait what right my
sweet